 
TASK: Deployment of a WordPress website in EC2 instance using terraform.



to clone this repo run the following command in command prompt

git clone 


Step1: Configure AWS CLI using your credentials.
 

Step2:  AWS Provider
The Amazon Web Services (AWS) provider is used to interact with the many resources supported by AWS. The provider needs to be configured with the proper credentials before it can be used.

 
Step3: Create a Terraform code for instance launching
  

  



Step3: Create a User Data shell script file.
 


Step4: Create WordPress Config file
  
                                                 

Step4: Create a Secure environment using VPC
  
  

Step5: Create an OUTPUT file
 

As we are done with creating INFRASTRUCTURE CODE now we have to implement It by running the following command in the working directory.

Step6:  Run the following command

1.	Terraform init
The terraform init command is used to initialize a working directory containing Terraform configuration files. This is the first command that should be run after writing a new Terraform configuration or cloning an existing one from version control. It is safe to run this command multiple times.
 
2.	Terraform plan
The terraform plan command is used to create an execution plan. Terraform performs a refresh, unless explicitly disabled, and then determines what actions are necessary to achieve the desired state specified in the configuration files.
 

3.	Terraform apply –auto-approve
The terraform apply command is used to apply the changes required to reach the desired state of the configuration, or the pre-determined set of actions generated by a terraform plan execution plan.
 
 

Our Infrastructure has been created and you can check that all the AWS resources have been automatically deployed 
Now, click on the access link and you’ll be directed to the WordPress website.
 

 


Your INFRASTRUCTURE is deployed and running on AWS

 
    
 
4.	Terraform destroy –auto-update
The terraform destroy command is used to destroy the Terraform-managed infrastructure.
 




